## Chapter 10

The beeping slowly grew, first starting as a mildly pleasurable melody, but rapidly escalating into a sonorous screech. The time was 6:31 AM, and if I didn't fuck up too badly today, hundreds of millions of credits awaited me. I would live as a king, a veritable ruler over the Eve universe. But first I would need to deal with Thoggins & Co. I slammed my palm onto the off button and walked over to my computer, marvelling at the never-old process of billions of bits of data being shuffled, transmuted, and forced ahead in some kind of digital death march. I opened up Outlook, hoping, nay, expecting to see multiple emails from prospective investors. I was not disappointed.

The first was from Thoggins:

DONT FORGET. Be on AIM at 12 PM, or you won't see a DIME.

It took every ounce of willpower to hold myself back from clicking the "Reply" button and ripping him a new asshole.

The second was from Magnulus; it was a fairly long email explaining how impressed he was with my presentation, but was unable to commit to any financial obligation at the present time because his corporation had not yet voted on the measure. I felt like telling him to grow a pair and just fucking do it. The third was from Jorpho. He wrote that normally, he would never do something like this, but that he found me to be a man of exceptional character and integrity, and felt safe with his trust in me . More importantly, he wanted an Apocalypse blueprint really badly, and was willing to invest 120 million for a second, upgraded one.

A smile spontaneously broke out on my face. Despite its palling darkness, the room grew lighter, the air tasted fresher, and my heart glided like an eagle, majestic and rich and free.

Heavenly God! cried my soul, in an outburst of profane joy.

For a few minutes, I actually pranced around the room. I returned to my chair and felt compelled to go outside and bask in the sun, but the inbox brought me down from my wonderful high. Alltech's vote was beyond my control, I knew that much, which left one loose string for me to tie. I pondered over whether I should actually give the little prick my phone number, and the possibility entered my mind that after I punk'd him of his money, he would follow through on his promise and cause me an endless amount of phone grief. Then, it happened.

Inspiration.

There was a library near my house with a red receptionist's telephone at the very back. Normally, this wouldn't be anything to brag about; however, this particular telephone never, ever had a receptionist stationed near it. The librarians tended to avoid it as well, due to the fact that it was right next to the erotica section, (yay for public funding) and all but one of the librarians were conservative women who found the idea of pre-marital sex in any position but missionary to be appalling. I memorized the number as a child, before the days of star 69 and caller ID, and I would crank call it to find out who was browsing for erotica. If somebody was ballsy enough to pick up, I would direct them towards the S&M book. The one where the first page describes, in detail, a man having his penis torn off. That book was later removed or stolen, I shall never know which, but I never thought back then that my childhood antics would serve me in the future. I knew exactly what I was going to do.

11:45 AM rolled around, and I put on my running shoes and shorts. I stretched my feeble joints for 10 minutes, hoping that my limbs would remember their glory days of running cross country and revitalize themselves. It was time.

I logged onto AIM, and Thoggins messaged me immediately.

Thoggins: You're a minute late. Now, what's your phone number? I need to have it before I go through with this.

Nightfreeze: I can totally understand that . Can you wait 5 minutes before calling though? The only phone in our house is in the kitchen, and I figure that as long as I'm in the ol' Food Kingdom, I would fix myself up a snack.

Thoggins: Uh... Okay, whatever, I'll call in 5 minutes. What's the number?

Nightfreeze: [Library Number]. Remember, 5 minutes, I might not pick up if you call before then because I'll be too busy making my food. Talk to ya then

I logged off AIM and ran like a starving coyote chasing down his dinner. I ran like Steve Prefontaine if he had had a second chance with the grim reaper to run home drunk instead of drive, the only condition being that he would have to make it back before the car did. I ran like a brotha running from the police.

I arrived in front of the building with 3 minutes to spare, vigorously gasping for air. But I wasn't done yet. I would have to make my way through the complex armed only with my wits and my deadly kung-fu grip, avoiding librarians through deception and misdirection, lest they foil the scheme I had worked on for so many hours. I walked through the double doors, with 1 minute and 57 seconds on the clock.

The female receptionist spotted me the moment I walked in. Maybe it was my suave demeanor, maybe it was my dashing good looks, or maybe it was the fact that I was wearing a pair of running shorts that extended halfway down to my thighs in an air-conditioned library. Maybe it was some twisted combination of the three.

"Hello, sir." She smiled uneasily and looked back down, pretending to return to whatever activity she had been pursuing before I entered her life. I made the decision that if she came within 10 feet of me, I would have to kill her and hide the body in the shadows, where no patrolling librarians would ever dare looking.

I strolled over to the red phone without incident or bother, and noticed that there was no chair to accomodate anybody who might want to place an urgent telephone call regarding erotica. I glanced back to the center of the library, with its abundant tables and plush chairs. I pondered for a second whether or not it was worth the risk, but my stream of thought was broken instantly by a loud ringing sound. I looked down at my watch.

He was 24 seconds early.

## [Chapter 11](11)