## Chapter 12

My stomach burned with the heat of a thousand infernos. The Big Mac I had eaten in celebration of my victory was now tearing its way through my intestinal lining, one membrane at a time. The freedom fries supplemented its attack on my stomach walls, like fighter ships from an enemy carrier. My digestive system would be triumphant, but not without a fight. The weight in my stomach grew heavier with each step, but I pressed on. It was getting dark out, and I had to make it home soon, I had to get those credits, and I had to make off like a in the night. After a painful march, I arrived. I sat down, logged onto AIM, and was barraged with a flurry of messages.

HardHead: Hey, can I wire those credits now? I wanna secure my spot in the pool. I’ve been waiting for you all day, it’s about time you got home.

Me: Okay, go ahead and do it. I’ll be on Eve in a bit to verify that the credits were sent.

Jorpho: Hello. The other investors and I have been waiting for you; we want to send the isk quickly so you can buy the blueprint and get to work. If I understand correctly, do you now have all the isk you need?

Me: No; we’re still 100 million isk short of our goal since Alltech hasn’t come through yet. I’ve invested everything I have into this deal, but I can still borrow up to 40 million from the members of my corporation. It all depends, I suppose, on how Alltech votes.

Jorpho: Oh, I talked to Magnulus. They were in the process of voting a few hours ago, I haven’t heard from him since.

Me: Hmm.. Okay, I’ll check my email. You can go ahead and wire the money, I’ll be on Eve in a bit.

Thoggins: Go into Eve, and I’ll send you the isk. Don’t do anything stupid with it, or I’ll have to act on my threats. You have no idea how serious I am about this.

Me: Okay.

A euphoric daze passed over me briefly as reality dawned anew. I would be scamming this prick out of his money, out of 200 million of his preciously farmed credits, and he wouldn’t be able to do a damn thing about it. I could envision his parents’ house being surrounded by SWAT teams. The county police chief would be holding a megaphone, shouting into it.

“Thoggins! COME OUT OF THE BASEMENT NOW WITH YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR. DO NOT MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVEMENTS.”

He would emerge, a short fat man wearing a flowing black trench coat and dark Oakley sunglasses. His hands would be in his pockets, and he would loudly proclaim,

“The library workers are all dead! Dead! They stole my money, so I killed them with my bare hands, and I will kill all of you too!”

He would then start to pull something out of his pocket, and the entire LAPD SWAT team would open fire on him. The 9 millimeter hollow-point bullets would penetrate his soft flesh and expand, creating large breaches in each of his vital organs. They would continue to shoot through his body and exit out his back, leaving a gaping hole that would spurt out blood and various torn off chunks of cartilage. They would keep pumping round after round into his fallen, disfigured mass, making sure that he was good and dead. And when they finally got around to investigating the body, they would find out that he was reaching for a pumped super soaker pistol filled with laundry detergent.

The police chief would then say, “Well boys, ain’t that an ace in the hole!” They would collectively chuckle, raid his house for small bills, and finish off the day at Scarlet’s strip club.

I opened up Outlook, eagerly checking for a new email from Magnulus. Finally, I found it.

Dear Nightfreeze,

After much debate and reflection, and a narrow vote, my corporation has decided that it would be in our best interest to invest in your Apocalypse blueprint pool. Since, as you repeatedly noted, it will take well over a month for a 60 million credit investor to receive their BP, we have made the decision to invest 80 million. I have taken the liberty of wiring this money to you, and I pray that the pool will reach its goal soon.

Best regards,

Magnulus

I logged into Eve, and saw that I had several messages in my in-game inbox. I clicked through each of them, and suddenly, my credit balance jumped from 6 figures to 9. 480 million credits. It was done! I had joined the greats, and became one of the illustrious and famed men who would forever live in Eve’s history. I was going to live another life, a life devoid of mining and trading! A life of grace and wealth and happiness! It was true. It was not a dream from which I would wake. The past was past. My muddied room now seemed gay, and in spite of all, I had done it.

I transferred the credits to my alternate character, Tachz, and logged off. Staring at Nightfreeze’s face in the character selection screen, I wiped a single tear off my cheek as I clicked the “delete” button.
I picked up the phone and called Trazir.

“Hello?”

“Hey man, I’ve got some bad news. Are you sitting down?”

“Uh, no, hold on.”

Seconds passed, and an even greater smile broke out across my face.

“Okay, what is it?”

“One of the investors figured out this was a scam. They all pulled out their money; we’re basically at ground zero again, dude.”

“GOD DAMN IT! DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG I WORKED ON THOSE FORUM POSTS? DO YOU? DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH TIME I WASTED ON THIS SHIT?”

“Hey man, I’m just fucking with you. They all invested their money, I deleted Nightfreeze, and my Tachz is now the proud owner of 480 million credits.”

A powerful silence passed over the phone. I hoped he wasn’t having an asthma attack.

“You might want to delete your character too man; once they find out we scammed them, they’re gonna be pissed. Very, very pissed.”

“Yeah. YEAH. FUCK YEAH. WE DID IT MAN, WE DID IT.”

“I know we did. I know.”

Now we just had to figure out how to spend it.

## [Epilogue](epilogue)