## Chapter 7

The sun was dazzling through my window when I woke up some time in the afternoon. I opened my window and inhaled the fresh air, glad that it was such a beautiful day outside. I gazed for a moment more outside my apartment at the luminous lake, taking in the view for one final instant. I then closed the window and pulled down the shades, insulating the room in a dark cloak. Virtual profit has no time for things like nature and sunshine. I opened up Trillian and Outlook Express; I knew that I would have to be as accommodating as possible with my chat programs, leaving them on at all hours in case any prospective investors tried to contact me. I scoured my inbox for emails related to ZZZZ Best, but alas, all I received was the usual "DO YOU WANT A BIGGER PEN IS 1jASDJXJ@!#FD" crap. For a few seconds, I pouted malcontentedly, then perked up as I remembered my conversation with HardHead. Surely, he would have an answer to my generous offer!

I rummaged through my ICQ contact list, scrolling through the hundreds of useless people in search of the one who could make me richer than Bill Gates. Unfortunately, his name was in red, which meant he was logged off. Perhaps I can discuss business with Trazir then, I thought. I scrolled down through the names to T.

Red.

I was quickly becoming annoyed at the inactivity which was occurring beyond my control. The fishing net had been cast far and wide, I knew this, but the hardest part was waiting for the fish to entangle themselves. For the first time in weeks, I got up from my computer, walked out of my house, and socialized with people I hadn't seen outside of class in months.

I returned some time late that night, my vision blurry, my head spinning, and my bowels blaring. My once heroic alcohol tolerance had been reduced to that of a 6 year old child's over the course of playing Eve for months on end. I moved towards my computer, but quickly realized that the bathroom would be a more appropriate place for me at that moment. After discharging the contents of my stomach, I was strangely invigorated. My moment of elation quickly dissipated, though, as I checked my inbox for messages about ZZZZ Best and found naught but more Viagra ads. I collapsed on my couch and sulked myself to sleep.

This process repeated itself for the next several days, minus the alcohol. No emails, no instant messages, no HardHead, no Trazir. My world had been travelling at hyperspace speed, a billion miles per hour, and for some inexplicable reason it all stopped. Maybe the Great Magnet was exerting its pull on me, using this respite as a warning to keep me from continuing on, to keep me from disrupting and quite possibly destroying the fragile equilibrium of Eve's economy.

Or maybe I had just been drinking too much coffee.

I decided to give Trazir a call and see just what the hell he was up to. He sounded pretty bad.

"Hel.." *COUGH* "Hello?" He moaned.

"What the hell man? Are you sick?"

"Yeah dude, I've been feeling kind of bad. That's why I haven't been on lately if you're wondering."

"Have you gotten any responses yet for our little deal?"

"Uh... Lemme check." An eternity passed as I waited for him to ferret through his inbox, which doubtlessly had more junk in it than a typical Brooklyn Street. "Sorry man, I don't see anything."

"God damn it, do you know how long it's been dude? Those message board threads we posted are probably at the bottom of the heap by now, and the other guy I was telling you about went AWOL. I think we need to step it up, BIG TIME."

"Well, I agree. What do you think we should do?"

I pondered this query for more than a few seconds. It was the $64000 question, and the wrong answer would lead to heartache and waste. Finally, I responded.

"I remember reading a story once about this guy who worked as an attorney during the summer, right after he graduated from law school. He was working in the California area, and all the law firms there had reached an agreement to pay the law students $500 less per week than they normally would have. This guy somehow found out about the dastardly pay he would be receiving, and created a bunch of accounts on AOL. He posted in the California lawyer forums and started a huge flame war with himself; he used the various accounts to argue both sides of the issue, and changed up his writing style for each account name. He dragged other, real people into this flame war, and the controversy became so great that the law firms eventually gave in and raised the pay back to its normal level."

"Interesting... Very interesting. So what do you think we should do?"

"We're gonna go undercover, man, like the fucking CIA. And we're gonna hype the hell out of this investment deal on every Eve forum that was ever made. And we're gonna do it using hotmail accounts for our registration email addresses, so I suggest that you get out a legal pad and start coming up with hotmail account names and passwords. I'm personally gonna register 25 hotmail accounts tonight, and I hope you do the same. I'll call you back tomorrow, and we'll start posting like a couple crack whores on crack."

"Crack whores on crack? What the fuck does that mean?"

"Never mind. Go and start registering dude," I responded. I hung up the phone and got to work.

## [Chapter 8](8)